Pass extra columns in `events.tsv` to the Annotations (#1401)
mne-tools/mne-bids: doc/whats_new.rst

- Path matching is now implemenented in a more efficient manner within :meth:`mne_bids.BIDSPath.match()` and :func:`mne_bids.find_matching_paths()`, by `Arne Gottwald` (:gh:`1355`)
- :func:`mne_bids.get_entity_vals()` has a new parameter ``include_match`` to prefilter item matching and ignore non-matched items from begin of directory scan, by `Arne Gottwald` (:gh:`1355`)
- Data from ``events.tsv`` can now be read into an OrderedDict using :func:`mne_bids.events_file_to_annotation_kwargs()`, by `Matthias Dold` (:gh:`1389`)

> - Read the eventual extra columns from ``events.tsv`` and pass them to :class:`mne.Annotations`, by `Pierre Guetschel` (:gh:`1401`)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Read the optionally present extra columns from ``events.tsv`` and pass them to :class:`mne.Annotations`, by `Pierre Guetschel` (:gh:`1401`)
```
